source/blog/following.md, before:

---
date: 2025-01-06
emoji: 🧑‍🧑‍🧒‍🧒
---

# Who I am following and what for

This is my notes about people I follow on the web. This is an alternate index for people I follow 
so that I won't have to rely on Twitter to remember they exist, nor have to give them a prerequisite 
of having an rss feed to stay in my reading rotation.

Legend:
I'm tagging links in this article with pound/number sign tips. Click on these tags to highlight all tagged links (Requires JS).
<ul>
<li> <find-href>#rss</find-href>: self-explanatory, really. </li>
<li> <find-href>#blog</find-href>: a person's blog </li>
<li> <find-href>#blogs</find-href>: a person's index of blogs they read/follow </li>
<li> <find-href>#newsletter</find-href>: a newsletter they may be curating </li>
</ul>

## Taylor Troesh

Writes about software and life. Likes to experiment with interesting new concepts. Passionate about their projects. Writes a lot.

Some example projects/posts to give an idea of what they do

- Directory of small blogs [blogs.hn](https://blogs.hn/#blogs)
- Scrapscript [scrapscript.org](https://scrapscript.org/) (I still don't understand it but I will, hopefully)
- Better spreadsheets [taylor.town/better-spreadsheets](https://taylor.town/better-spreadsheets)
- Your next two zeroes [taylor.town/next-two-zeroes](taylor.town/next-two-zeroes)
- [taylor.town/harpsichord](https://taylor.town/harpsichord)

Github: [github.com/surprisetalk](https://github.com/surprisetalk)

RSS: [taylor.town/feed.xml](https://taylor.town/feed.xml#rss)

## Manuel Moreale

<https://manuelmoreale.com/#blog>

What they do:
- People and blogs series <https://peopleandblogs.com/#newsletter>

Their index of blogs <https://manuelmoreale.com/blogroll#blogs>

RSS: <https://manuelmoreale.com/feed/rss#rss>

## Nolen Royalty

<https://eieio.games/#blog>

Creates games in unorthodox places & other fun projects.

Notable:
- <https://stranger.video> (no-blink game)
- [Flappy Dird, flappy bird on macos finder](https://eieio.games/blog/flappy-bird-in-macos-finder)
- [Google sheets adventure](https://eieio.games/blog/realtime-google-sheet)

## Diamond Geezer

Extreme-blogger. London enthusiast. His blog is a holy encyplopedia of everything London. Old chap, legend. Blog 
is 22 yrs old and counting. 

<https://diamondgeezer.blogspot.com/#blog>

<https://feeds.feedburner.com/blogspot/HcFb#rss>

## Mitxela

Alex Tim (<- mitxela) has many interesting projects. Love that they're not limited to software but venture on hardware.

Loved their process of [creating a thermal paper polaroid](https://mitxela.com/projects/thermal_paper_polaroid). I think 
he inspired the current generation of thermal paper toy cameras (one of which I immediately bought as soon as I knew they
existed). 

Another favourite of mine from their projects is the UV Protection amulet that inspires me to build a fantasy world where 
every phenomenon actually has a scientific explanation <https://mitxela.com/projects/amulet>.

<https://mitxela.com/#blog>

<https://mitxela.com/feed.xml#rss>

## Jeff Atwood

Stackexchange cofounder. Seasoned dev, rarely writes anymore. Has some good gems on his blog (live since 2004).

<https://blog.codinghorror.com/#blog>

<https://blog.codinghorror.com/rss/#rss>

---

! include auto_rss

Commit message:

Update following.md - Add Nicolas Nova

source/blog/following.md, after:

---
date: 2025-01-06
emoji: 🧑‍🧑‍🧒‍🧒
---

# Who I am following and what for

This is my notes about people I follow on the web. This is an alternate index for people I follow 
so that I won't have to rely on Twitter to remember they exist, nor have to give them a prerequisite 
of having an rss feed to stay in my reading rotation.

Legend:
I'm tagging links in this article with pound/number sign tips. Click on these tags to highlight all tagged links (Requires JS).
<ul>
<li> <find-href>#rss</find-href>: self-explanatory, really. </li>
<li> <find-href>#blog</find-href>: a person's blog </li>
<li> <find-href>#blogs</find-href>: a person's index of blogs they read/follow </li>
<li> <find-href>#newsletter</find-href>: a newsletter they may be curating </li>
</ul>

## Taylor Troesh

Writes about software and life. Likes to experiment with interesting new concepts. Passionate about their projects. Writes a lot.

Some example projects/posts to give an idea of what they do

- Directory of small blogs [blogs.hn](https://blogs.hn/#blogs)
- Scrapscript [scrapscript.org](https://scrapscript.org/) (I still don't understand it but I will, hopefully)
- Better spreadsheets [taylor.town/better-spreadsheets](https://taylor.town/better-spreadsheets)
- Your next two zeroes [taylor.town/next-two-zeroes](taylor.town/next-two-zeroes)
- [taylor.town/harpsichord](https://taylor.town/harpsichord)

Github: [github.com/surprisetalk](https://github.com/surprisetalk)

RSS: [taylor.town/feed.xml](https://taylor.town/feed.xml#rss)

## Manuel Moreale

<https://manuelmoreale.com/#blog>

What they do:
- People and blogs series <https://peopleandblogs.com/#newsletter>

Their index of blogs <https://manuelmoreale.com/blogroll#blogs>

RSS: <https://manuelmoreale.com/feed/rss#rss>

## Nolen Royalty

<https://eieio.games/#blog>

Creates games in unorthodox places & other fun projects.

Notable:
- <https://stranger.video> (no-blink game)
- [Flappy Dird, flappy bird on macos finder](https://eieio.games/blog/flappy-bird-in-macos-finder)
- [Google sheets adventure](https://eieio.games/blog/realtime-google-sheet)

## Diamond Geezer

Extreme-blogger. London enthusiast. His blog is a holy encyplopedia of everything London. Old chap, legend. Blog 
is 22 yrs old and counting. 

<https://diamondgeezer.blogspot.com/#blog>

<https://feeds.feedburner.com/blogspot/HcFb#rss>

## Mitxela

Alex Tim (<- mitxela) has many interesting projects. Love that they're not limited to software but venture on hardware.

Loved their process of [creating a thermal paper polaroid](https://mitxela.com/projects/thermal_paper_polaroid). I think 
he inspired the current generation of thermal paper toy cameras (one of which I immediately bought as soon as I knew they
existed). 

Another favourite of mine from their projects is the UV Protection amulet that inspires me to build a fantasy world where 
every phenomenon actually has a scientific explanation <https://mitxela.com/projects/amulet>.

<https://mitxela.com/#blog>

<https://mitxela.com/feed.xml#rss>

## Jeff Atwood

Stackexchange cofounder. Seasoned dev, rarely writes anymore. Has some good gems on his blog (live since 2004).

<https://blog.codinghorror.com/#blog>

<https://blog.codinghorror.com/rss/#rss>

## Nicolas Nova †

Anthropologist, design researcher.

Blog in english <https://www.nicolasnova.net/pasta-and-vinegar#blog>

Blog in french <https://www.nicolasnova.net/carnet#blog>


---

! include auto_rss
