source/index.md, before:

# Welcome to the misty step blog

I created this blog to be able to write freely without chipping away at the presentability of my professional personal blog.

## Who am I

Direct sunlight beneficiary

![](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0416ecbc-eb82-41dd-b3cb-9996022f9a9a)

Green path taker

![](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bb73e92e-4d12-4894-8aed-3bb4494a54b3)

Traveler

![](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/35217638-4702-4cba-82f8-e3493c40489a)

Crossword frustrato

![](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/88b0eaf4-5159-481c-853d-6fe9fd42224e)

Londoner

![](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e8a766b5-2a97-4d2c-805f-fac0429bd97c)

Distance-istanbulite

![](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/afa993f6-a72c-4e4e-96ab-9b3e1b6062ab)

Novice artist

![](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d6f26778-9fec-4be7-98fe-61639628a5ad)

Long time computer guru

![](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/68713035-f00d-4fb1-acb1-217229d3ca47)

Proud estranged father of two mischievous cats.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1ef54cdd-3952-4b68-a29b-3d036451cf19)

Commit message:

Update index.md - Why the name

source/index.md, after:

# Welcome to the misty step blog

I created this blog to be able to write freely without chipping away at the presentability of my professional personal blog.

## Who am I

Direct sunlight beneficiary

![](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0416ecbc-eb82-41dd-b3cb-9996022f9a9a)

Green path taker

![](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bb73e92e-4d12-4894-8aed-3bb4494a54b3)

Traveler

![](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/35217638-4702-4cba-82f8-e3493c40489a)

Crossword frustrato

![](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/88b0eaf4-5159-481c-853d-6fe9fd42224e)

Londoner

![](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e8a766b5-2a97-4d2c-805f-fac0429bd97c)

Distance-istanbulite

![](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/afa993f6-a72c-4e4e-96ab-9b3e1b6062ab)

Novice artist

![](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d6f26778-9fec-4be7-98fe-61639628a5ad)

Long time computer guru

![](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/68713035-f00d-4fb1-acb1-217229d3ca47)

Proud estranged father of two mischievous cats.

![](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1ef54cdd-3952-4b68-a29b-3d036451cf19)

# Why the name

[Misty step](https://bg3.wiki/wiki/Misty%5FStep) is a conjuration spell for short-term 
teleportation in D&D 5e, bg3 etc. Found it quite handy in BG3. I thought I would quickly 
pivot from topic to topic in this blog too, hence I found the name suiting.
